# Gesture_Recognition_Based_on_Kinect
Since the popularization of the vehicles booms in the recent years, a driver might be much more likely to cause severe traffic accidents out of carelessness during driving.  In the meantime, a driver would need to handle more information from the vehicle systems than before owing to the their continuing updation. With this background, it is necessary to invent a way of vehicle information interaction with both safety and efficiency. Luckily, the quick development of video processing and computer hardware make it possible to implement hand gesture recognition in vehicle systems.  
In this project, I implement hand gesture recognition of vehicle systems based on Kinect. This system could control vehicle devices such as the soundbox by increasing or decreasing its volume based on the image depth data collected by the Kinect and the hand gesture recognition algorithms running in the powerful Raspberry Pi 3. In order to interact with the vehicle systems, a driver only needs to make a specific hand gesture in the front of the Kinect Camera instead of looking for and pushing the specific button, which makes the driving much more safe.  
In the first part of this project, I introduce the current state of hand gesture recognition researches and discuss about some popular algorithms.  Then I analyze the function modules of the system and the algorithm principles for dynamic and static gesture recognition.  In the end I show the demo photos of the system.